Dynamic stretching is great for warming
up but not because stretching fast is
any better than stretching slow the real
reason is because it literally heats up
your entire body but there are other
benefits to Dynamic stretching I did not
properly warm up before this video and
look in my experience Dynamic stretching
increases your cold flexibility that
means without warming up you can do
flexibility moves close to your end
range without getting injured the way I
do it is 15 to 20 reps before any
workout or stretching routine you could
do your hamstrings flexors adductors
chest and many others which are included
in my free ebooks stay flexxy